Just a short horror story:

I'm afraid of the dark:

I lie in bed, listening to the roar of thunder rattling my room. The storm is bad tonight. The howling wind is repeatedly slamming my shutters open and closed. At this rate, the storm will never stop. I shut my eyes hoping I'll be able to block out the sounds and fall asleep. But I jolt them open as strikes of fear shoot up and down my spine. I'm afraid of the dark.

As my eyes are adjusting, I realize that I am no longer lying in my bed...I'm standing. But this doesn't make sense! How did I get here? I look around and spot my bed on the other side of the room. I start fumbling through my dimly-lit room to try and find the light switch. As my hand drags across the wall, it bumps into something: the TV. Oh, thank god. My TV is right next to the light switch. So once I get it turned on, I can calm down a little bit. I feel around the wall and start getting worried when I can't find it. Come on. It has to be around here somewhere! I feel around some more, but still, no sign of it. At this point, I'm freaking out. Not only am I disoriented from waking up, standing, but the storm is still out there trying to blow the roof off.

Forget trying to find the stupid switch! I need shelter from the covers on my bed. I sprint to my bed and jump on. Phew! I made it... Why am I so scared of the dark, I don't know but for as long as I can remember, I've had this thought in the back of my head that if I can't hide from the dark, something inside will get me. But not today haha! As I'm covering every last inch of my body with my blanket, I hear a subtle tap on my window. I freeze. Am I... Am I imagining things? It was so faint. I must have. Or maybe the shutters? Ya, it was just the shutters. I relax a little and move around to where I'm more comfortable. A few minutes pass and I've just about fallen asleep, but then I hear it again. A faint tap against my window. But this time it wasn't just one tap, it was two. They were a little bit louder than the one before. Maybe just the shutters again? Tap. Tap. Tap. No, there it is again! The tapping! There were three this time. They seem to be getting louder each time I hear them. But, the wind isn't getting any stronger, so maybe the taps aren't coming from my shutters after all. But, if they aren't coming from my shutters, then what are they coming from? I could go check and see what it is. But I'm not going to. Because I'm afraid of the dark.

I lay in bed so still that I could have been mistaken for dead. A minute goes by. Ten. Twenty. Not a sound from the window. Well, that's good. That's one thing off my chest... After staying in a paralysis of fear for what feels like an eternity, I decided to take the covers off my head. I slowly crawl my hand up my side and grab onto the top of the blanket. I take it off just enough that my eyes and nose are out, but suddenly I get the urge to scream. I'm standing again. And this time, I'm standing right next to my window. I run back to my bed and jump on it covering myself in the blanket once again. But this time, I don't feel safe. The blankets feel suffocating and it feels like I'm sinking. I rip the blanket off my head to see that I actually am sinking further and further down into my bed! No matter how hard I thrash and scream, I just keep on sinking. And then it all stops. I realize that my eyes are shut tight from the fear of being suffocated under everything. I slowly open them. I'm in front of the window again. My mouth drops open in horror as I build up the courage to scream, but there's a lump in my throat from the terror of what I'm seeing before me. A smile so wide and eyes so wild... I can't even begin to describe it. But the one thing I do know...the eyes aren't normal. They're black all around. And in the centre, two white glowing holes. Staring right through me. The fear in me builds so rapidly as I take it all in. Whatever or whoever it is out there starts to slowly raise its hand to the window. Its long, worn finger extends out to the window and starts to tap on the window. And, to my astonishment and horror, the smile on its face grew even wider as it tapped. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Crack. The window cracked. My face dropped even more than it was already. Now was the time to run. As I go to start running, I realize that I can't move my legs. It's like they're stuck to the ground. Tap. Tap. Crack. Tap. Pound. Pound. Its wicked smile turned into a scowl as it threw itself onto the window, using its full force to smash the window. The only thing I could do was watch. Watch, and wait as it gets closer and closer to breaking the window. And once it does that, well, that's it for me.

See. This is exactly why...I'm afraid of the dark.
